Are there any of you who are in a relationship and would like some
advice?
She will tell you the story.  It's not just in
your generation that we appreciate you.  Back when she was in
school, she also really appreciated the male students who were
very good at studying.
That's right, she really likes any male student who is good at studying
.
Eventually, it became an idol.
We become role models and learn from
those idols.  There's nothing wrong with that, right?
But the main thing is where you put your valuable resources;
if you put them in the wrong place, they'll be ruined,
right?  It's absolutely necessary for girls
to appreciate talented guys,
right?  For example, let's start dating right
now.  Would anyone like to
marry an idiot later on
?
Who likes being stupid?  Okay, if you want to be
stupid, then take a cow.
So, everyone wants a friend
who is a bit intelligent and smart,
right?  And then he became a little more handsome.
Is that correct, kids?   Being
handsome alone isn't enough
.  If they're handsome, then later on
they'll be hanging out with a lot of girls,
right?
I'm not like that.  So
now, since your feelings are
still there, you
just need to admire them, okay?  If you
really like someone, just
secretly observe them and see
what their flaws are, then see if you like those
flaws too.  Don't
rush.  Understood?
Don't rush things, kids. You don't suddenly
like something and then think everyone else
likes it too.  And so,
without knowing whose opinion the boy or girl
had, these two girls started
fighting each other in a jealous rage.  Did that happen
?   There
are many.  So here she will
return to the main topic, which is
obedience.  The benefits of obedience.
So today, the teacher taught the children that they should just
observe.  This applies even to actions
outside the realm of their emotions
.  For example, there's this guy who stands
out because he's very charismatic.  He has a
great personality.
For example, "dare" could mean saying whatever comes to
mind, and the students
feel that it's very individualistic.  These children are naturally
precious, naturally precious because of their unique personalities
.
But then you have to observe
where that personality leads, whether it leads to
good or evil.  So,
you've watched the clip today, and if this personality type
turns evil, you have to think about
what that creature over there will become – that
devil.  You devil!  If
Lam's personality leans
heavily towards evil, remember that Nam will
sooner or later become just like
that devil.  So, have you girls
changed your opinion of Lam today?   Is it available
yet?
So, don't fall for any guy who has a
personality that leans towards something bad.
Therefore, the beginning of all suffering is
our own unwholesomeness,
our fear of associating with people
who will discourage our actions
.
At your age, falling in love is
considered immoral in the eyes of everyone
.  Because it was evil,
the children hid it and didn't tell anyone
else.  That's when the demon
begins to enter the children and starts to torment them.
There.  Do you understand?  So I have to speak my mind
.  Just open up completely.
So, if your parents at home aren't
understanding enough or haven't guided
you properly, you can go to the temple.
Whenever we ask our parents, we ask that they allow us to
go to the temple once a month on Sunday. When we
come here, we meet the monks, and they
will guide us.  As for the rest of
your questions, you can
go to my page and I'll share the answers with
you.  There.  Yes.  Yeah.